Are you ready to be the happiest you've ever been in your entire life?
Welcome to Harmontown, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to stage the third Harmontown, Mr. Daniel Drake's Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, kid in the city, fuck your momma, kid in the city, fuck your momma.
Alright.
We gotta do a lightning fast.
It's good that they, yeah, they didn't sit anybody down in the VIP, the tuba section.
Oh really, these are more expensive down here?
Alright, for podcast listeners we are in a room that, for the sake of description, it's like a beautiful,
like, kind of expensive beachwood thrust has been placed in the middle of a driver's ed class.
And there's like an orchestra pit with VIP booths that our nerdy audience could not afford to sit in.
Well that means I should probably, that doesn't put me out of the light, right?
I'll be in the dark.
For the listeners, this club has a runway.
Yeah, I just moved down the thrust.
It's like a runway.
It's like a Katy Perry concert.
Hello Kansas City.
We have a limited time here at the strip mall.
We gotta, there's another show coming out next.
How many of you are from Kansas City?
And so that means the rest of you, like, traveled.
Who drove the farthest?
I heard Omaha.
Tulsa.
Tulsa?
Is Tulsa further than Omaha?
All right, Tulsa's got us beat.
I realize that's a tough spot that I put you in when I'm like, who drove the furthest?
There's like an unspoken edge to that question.
Like, who lives with their mom the most?
But I thank you so much, anybody, that came even five minutes, even if you walked here.
Even if you were forced to be here.
Thank you for being here.
Everybody eat at that dinosaur place?
That's pretty badass.
I couldn't believe how high I forgot to get before I ate there.
I kept wondering, I know a lot of people probably smoke a lot of pot and go to the dinosaur place.
A lot of people probably take mushrooms and go to the dinosaur place.
But I kept wondering, does everyone ever do co-care?
Like an executive luncheon, does anybody meet in the bathroom there and do a bump under a stegosaurus tail?
Hey, Dan.
Yes, Aaron?
Okay, stay on that thigh.
Half of it is in the state of Kansas.
Half of your mama took down my pants.
Suck my dick, lick my nuts, fingered my nose, put it in my butt.
So I had a booger in my butt.
It was gross, it was gross.
Sorry.
Sorry about that.
Yeah, thank you.
I don't know if I'm supposed to be distracted by this or not, but I keep imagining the show from the perspective of the people that work here.
You guys don't seem like regular clients of this particular place.
I keep putting myself in their shoes and going, what is a podcast, what is this show, what is going on?
They put it on the door that it's a nationally televised podcast.
Funny on two levels, not televised, not just national.
So they've got to be confused right now.
Can I ask this question?
I know like 60 of you bought tickets online, which I assume means 60 of you listened to the podcast.
How many of you by applause are in that other category of people that wandered in here wondering what kind of comedy?
It's kind of like this back wall.
There's like a tear, there's like a pit, there's a pit of nerds.
And then there's a Sesame Street brick wall with comics that are doing the next show and people from Kansas City.
But welcome, welcome, we welcome you. I hope you like livestock on stage.
That's how we close our show.
So I don't understand, is there anybody that works in that local government here that can explain how the...
Isn't your city split down the middle and half of it's in one state and half of it's in the other?
Is there anybody that is kind of like an expert on how that works and why that wants to come up and explain that to me?
You just hate it, you're just beleaguered by the civil war that is happening in Kansas City.
All right, fine. Guess what? I don't care. I pretended to care for a second.
I don't care that your city split down the middle between two states.
I grew up thinking that there were two Kansas cities, that that's why there was a Kansas City, Missouri, and a Kansas City, Kansas.
I thought that there was actually just two places called Kansas City.
And I found out, I think today, that... oh, okay, there's a... yeah, so...
All right, so there's a lot of tension between the halves of the cities.
And what I've done is I've made the mistake of calling it one city, I should call it two.
You guys are the separatists, you're the people who believe that the other Kansas City should get up and walk away.
And most of you drove from Omaha, okay. No one cares.
How's Nebraska?
Everybody hates where they're from. Everybody wants to be a hero. Everybody wants to just go away and kill themselves.
Or rescue a family of orphans from a fire. No one wants to just be where they're from.
And nobody out in the audience is waving a giant foam finger for anything.
I'm worried tonight because I was looking at my story circle for those of you who are familiar with that.
For the back row, I'm only famous for making a TV show that I got fired off of.
And then just barely. Only 3 million people watch that.
So then I'm famous for getting fired off of it.
And then during the time that I was making it, this story circle that I had developed years ago kind of came to light like this.
And I'm kind of obsessed with it, like what makes a story and stuff.
And we're doing this tour documentary about the show, about me going on the road, talking about nothing and not having an act.
And I've been placing myself on this circle.
And the truth of the matter is that on my story circle, according to my arithmetic, tonight represents a horrible death.
Tonight is a night of horrible, like something bad is going to happen.
Something bad is already happening. Yes, thank you, comics.
I understand that compared to what you do, this is already death.
Like that you would have already gone, okay, I did a bad job, I'm fired.
But podcasting is different. It's different. It's more like NPR.
It's not, you know, if 20 minutes of silence goes by, it might be captivating.
Maybe it's not hilarious.
Also, this room is more brightly lit than anywhere I've ever been in my entire life.
If the show goes poorly, it won't be a secret.
Everyone's face.
Hello, ma'am, with a beautiful spearmint scarf over there, I like that.
Also the cloud tie-dye in the back, I like that. You can see all the colors.
I'm demonstrating how bright it is.
We can see the ghost of impending doom hanging over, standing in the back, shaking his head, giving a thumbs down.
We can see all the way. We don't like it when we can see nothing.
I mean, that's no good either.
But anyways, what was I talking about, Erin?
You were talking about...
Death, right.
Oh, okay, death, yeah.
Yo, yo, yo, rapping, rapping about death.
Hold your breath, good, and go six feet under. Fuck your mama like I was a blundering.
Lookin' where to put my dick, couldn't find a place, picked a kickery stick instead of my penis.
Fucked your mama like Duke Zahazard's Enos. It was a character from the 80s.
I fucked your mama like she was just another lady, but she wasn't.
Her ass was fine. I fucked your mama down the county line.
Roscoe Coltrane going, Duke, Duke, Duke, fuck his mama, Duke, Duke, Duke.
Alright.
Yeah.
For the guys in the back who don't know what the show is, that's not part of the show.
We're only doing that because we're in Kansas City.
We heard you like barbecue and freestyle rapping.
So we're just doing it to make you comfortable. These guys are like, what's he doing? Why is he doing that?
He's selling out the show. Stop rapping about Enos.
A couple of Duke Zahazard references in there. I apologize, everyone's 25. I didn't mean to do that.
There was a movie, maybe you can Google it.
Death.
Tonight it's going to happen. You're going to witness a transformation, hopefully.
I think it's going to come at the hands of Spencer, because I was thinking about it.
We should bring him up here.
Spencer, can you come out?
Let's bring Spencer to the stage!
Kansas City.
Right?
Spencer, this is your first hair down show.
My first what?
First show with your hair down.
Jesus.
Party Jesus. You're letting it loose for Kansas City.
Fat frat boy Jesus.
Going to die on stage.
For you guys in the back, Spencer is the podcast's Dungeon Master. Sold you yet?
Sold you yet?
Sound a little more marketable?
We have a Dungeon Master. We play Dungeons and Dragons on the show.
Spencer, I'm starting to think, in accordance with my story model, he is the hero of the tour,
because unlike me, he is actually going through changes, aren't you, Spencer?
Yeah, yeah. I hit puberty a couple days ago.
It came on fast.
Yeah.
But you have been wished across a threshold by a horrible, wealthy fat guy and stuck in a tour bus that he rented, so he could go out and masturbate on stage.
And you yourself are experiencing new things and adapting and changing, and we're almost done with the tour and I haven't changed in any way.
So it occurred to me this morning that I must be the villain and Spencer must be the hero, which means that Spencer must die.
Or that I must die.
And that must either happen in Dungeons and Dragons, or it will happen just in the show.
So Spencer, let me have it. Lay waste to me.
What? That's not...
Undo me at the seams. Tell me what my problem is. Tell me why I'm a piece of shit.
You want to know what your problem is. You're so generous that you bought me a David Buster's card.
But it was only for...
That was the false death gone.
Okay, so when you come to the ticket window, do they go, okay, your seat's in the room, but do you want it to be in the front?
Because that'll cost $5 extra.
And do they offer it, or that was just offered online and you just didn't check the box that said, I would like the luxury Coke booth.
Alright. It's such wasted space.
Is it possible to have just one person in each of these booths? Would that be weird?
Let's pick some VIPs.
Okay, we got a VIP there.
We got a little VIP music. You came to Harmontown and you thought that...
We don't want to separate couples. You look like you came here by yourself, no offense.
Are you single and want to boot alone to watch Harmontown?
Would you be willing to come up and talk to us first? We don't bully anybody at Harmontown. Can I help you up?
We don't bring people up to pick on them. What's your name, sir?
My name is Kyle.
Are you one of the people that you're not familiar with the podcast?
Oh, no. No, I'm very familiar with it.
Oh, you are? Okay.
No, no, no, no. You came here by yourself?
Yeah, I couldn't get my wife to come after she listened.
Oh, sorry.
I should not have let her listen.
What episode did your wife listen to?
It was Pittsburgh.
It wasn't our relationship that minute.
No, no, no. She might have come if she'd heard that part.
Tell us the exact point where she said...
She didn't like the fucking mama raps.
What's her name?
April.
April! More like...
April!
Check it!
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
April heard you don't like my show.
I fucked your mama and here's how it goes. What's your mom's name?
Pat.
I fucked your mama, Pat.
I fucked her so hard she started to ignore.
She flattened her out like she was a pancake.
Fucked your...
Fucked Pat and gave her man-cake batter.
On her face.
I fucked Pat so hard she turned it to a different race.
She medically altered.
Fucked her toe, my dick faltered.
Sorry, sorry.
No, okay, well, no, no.
Sweetie, please.
No, no, I said stop.
Again?
No, no, no, no.
Sweetie, please.
I fucked Pat.
Outro? Thanks for coming.
No, no, Sweetie, no.
For God's sake.
We just got to know Kyle.
Okay.
All right.
Here comes the April monster.
We heard the fog guard.
All right, Kyle.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, can you do the April monster?
You hear the sounds of far-off showers.
April approaches.
With a steady foot and clever hand,
you're sure that May flowers are soon to follow.
All right, great.
All right, Kyle, why don't you sit in the VIP booth to the right?
Thank you, Kyle.
I assume you should keep it clean and set up for...
Don't make them mad.
Don't get popcorn everywhere.
Dan, should we reserve the VIP section for people who weren't able to get their
friends to come because they don't like the show?
Yes, yes, exactly.
Is there anyone else who had to come alone because everyone but them hates the thing?
Let's start from the back.
Wait, no, no, no.
It'll be okay.
What's your name, sir?
Tim.
Tim, come on up.
This is Tim's song.
Are you okay coming up and talking to us?
Yeah.
Okay, come on up, Tim.
Tim knows about that.
Okay, Tim, you're from Kansas City, or...?
I moved here in May, so...
Okay.
Why'd you move?
I got a job here.
Where were you before that?
I was in college.
Okay.
So you got...
At Planet College?
Or in a location?
Where were you going to college?
At the University of Missouri in Columbia.
Wow.
All right, all right.
So obviously...
Tyler, I'm so sorry.
Now I understand why you didn't say anything.
All right.
You'll live.
It seems like...
All right.
We love everyone in Harmontown.
I'm starting to think that really giving these guys the time of their lives would just talk
shit about Missouri all night.
But you would know that I didn't mean it.
I would just be wandering into this conflict you're having.
Because from my perspective, as the wandering hero, it's a Liliputian conflict.
It doesn't...
I don't know what it means.
It's like...
If it makes you guys feel better, it seems adorable.
I do like it.
I wish I had something like that with...
The Kansas City, Missouri...
The Kansas, Missouri few does start at the Civil War, which is the favorite of Harmontown.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I've been talking about the Civil War a lot on this tour.
All right, it was Ken.
Is that it?
Tim, that's close enough on my part.
All right, you want to take the VIP booth to the left?
And please keep it clean.
Don't...
We've got Tim and Kyle, right?
Is there anyone else?
All right.
Is there to be a VIP?
Do you guys feel...
Does this feel nice?
Is it comfortable?
How much more would you pay for this booth?
Okay, you can't put a price on it.
Well, you didn't.
You didn't buy the fucking booth.
You guys were offered it.
You cheaped out, but you're getting a taste because you came here alone.
If we put a whole family in these booths, then we'd be stealing money from the venue.
But because you're alone, you won't be able to share it with anybody, so it's like it didn't happen.
For the listener, we've said this already, but there are four booths that seem like the only seats in the entire...
Yeah, but mathematically, if we take that time to put one person in each booth, then we have to leave.
Then that's the show.
Like, we only have a certain amount of time up here.
I like Tim and Kyle.
They're kind of like Stattler and Waldorf.
But so was the Hindenburg.
Alright, so we got some buddies up here.
They're VIPs.
It's good to see VIPs at the show.
That's good.
Let's see.
Alright, who is in the most pain tonight?
Like the most devastating, maybe not physical, maybe emotional...
I just saw a woman with a shaker head now.
And that's her, right?
Alright, you want to come up here and share your pain?
Oh, you just quit smoking.
I quit smoking eight years ago. I used to smoke two packs a day.
Do you want me to hypnotize you?
Yeah, come on down.
Okay, can we find some cosmic music?
No, we don't have any, do we?
Is there a woman in the audience who thinks she can pull off a reasonable enya?
A reasonable copyright-free...
There's a guy raising his hand.
Let's bring him up.
This is exactly how I dressed on prom night, but I wasn't going anywhere.
I'm Jeff's understudy.
Jeff Davis is understudy? What's your name?
Ryan.
It's like John Crier in Hiding Out.
I get Matthew Broderick a lot.
Oh, Ryan, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, there's a little Crier, a little Broderick.
All Jeff Davis.
All Rock and Roll.
Oh, sorry, what's your name?
Ryan, yeah.
Ryan, okay.
Can we give him a special enya mic?
There you go.
And your name was, I forgot, already?
Ian.
Ian?
Okay.
Were you hoping that smoke would come out?
All right, we're going to, Ian, we're going to take you now, you just sit right there
and just let, you're just going to, you're never going to smoke again after this, okay?
Okay, all right.
Okay, I need, if there's anyone, I'm not going to hold my breath, but if anyone's controlling
the house lights, we need to bring them down a little bit.
Okay, I didn't, yeah.
We're on the face of the sun and no one is paying attention to the show.
Who works here?
I...
We're a lot, we're Ashki kids.
Yeah, we're, all right.
So maybe just...
Just give him some hot pockets in a $5 bill.
Maybe just, maybe just close your eyes.
And Ryan?
Yeah.
Okay, start, start and yank, but in a copyright free way.
Okay.
Who can say what...
All right, too many lyrics.
Too many lyrics.
I just need, just need like tones.
Just like meditative tones.
Well, maybe, may I suggest something?
Because he's dressed like Jeff Davis.
Okay.
And he's dressed like his understudy.
Can we just switch places?
I can be the audience volunteer.
Yeah.
And I'll do some tones.
Oh, you want to control?
Okay.
And he can control.
All right, okay.
All right.
That's good, Erin.
Thank you.
That's smart thinking.
That's good controlling.
Realizing that he, of course, John Crier should be controlling,
and you should be the woman.
Well, that sounds sexist.
There's a chance that's to me all the time,
and you should be the woman.
Of course.
You should be eating ice cream,
and you should be the woman, meaning give me a spoon.
Okay.
So, John Crier, you take it easy for a second.
Got it.
Erin, you start taking us on a cosmic journey.
Everyone else, lower the house lights in your mind.
Literally, no one is paying attention to the show.
We're going to help.
Let's see.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
We had some go out.
Nice.
Cool.
And this is to help.
God damn it.
Ryan, what was your name?
Ken.
Ian.
You are losing control of your body.
Not in a poopy way.
Ian.
to be sorry, just don't do it again. Sorry Ian, try to relax. There are scorpions crawling
up your arm. The largest of them, the mother, crawls over your ear at which point the baby
is on her underbelly. All eight million of them go into your inner ear canal and lay
eggs in your brain. That's right, baby scorpions lay eggs only in a smoker's brain. Now they're
hatching Ian, your brain is all scorpions. You return to earth, craving nicotine, bent
on a murderous spree, you sting your family, you sting your friends, you sting everyone.
It's a metaphor for secondhand smoke. But now Ian, now you come to a giant apple pie and
you climb inside it and you eat the whole thing because you quit smoking. And every
time you quit smoking, you get a giant apple pie. Ryan? Ian? No, Ian, sorry. Ian, there's
a monster truck coming up the street to the apple pie. It pulls up outside the apple
pie. Hulk Hogan gets out. He gives you one of his patented Hulk Hogan hand gestures. You
can tell you're cool with him now. He doesn't smoke either. Did he die? Did Hulk Hogan die?
No, he's alive. He's alive. Okay, all right. That's cool. If he died, he's a ghost. He's
just involved in a scandal and a sex scandal, but he's fine. You take Hulk Hogan by the hand
and you go into a field, Ian, and you play Frisbee. And he takes you to a water fountain
and you drink cool, fresh, refreshing water with Hulk Hogan. And then you notice as you're
drinking that he's touching you, but you don't care because you look around and you see from
a nearby calendar sculpture that it's the year 2080 and homosexuality is not taboo
anymore. It's a hologram statue. It's designed so that you can look at it from any angle,
so it's not coincidence that you see it. It's not bad story writing on my part. It's just
how it works. You're in the year 2080 and Hulk Hogan is rubbing your crotch as you drink
cool water. Your belly's full of apple pie and you have an orgasm. Now, wake up. Do
you want a cigarette, Ian? All right. Well, pretend he said no. You want one, but you
know that baby scorpions are going to lay eggs in your brain. All right. I'm glad I
could help, Ian. Spencer, how are we doing on time? Do we have to play Dungeons & Dragons?
Oh, shit. I'm sorry. I should be asking where I am.
It's 6.34. That's a time that... What you're realizing now is that we have not been up
here for very long. Usually, time goes so much faster. I don't know why.
Ryan, if you could have anything, what do you want? What is your dream?
What's my dream? I actually want to... I want to do stand-up comedy and I want to do...
I want to be a writer for TV, actually. That's why I'm here.
Do you have a strong two minutes, Ryan? Yeah. Yeah, I could do two.
Do you want to come out in the thrust and do them to an audience of Kansas City Comics?
All right. Here, I'll do you the favor. I'll give you a horrible opener so that the bar
is lowered for you. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Nickelbackers.
Please remember, Rob Schneider will be here next week, the star of Sheeps of Heaven.
And on all next week, it's ladies' night. All the ladies get to be ladies. You don't
get anything for free. We just won't punch you. You don't have to boo that.
We're not proud of our policies here, ma'am, at Nickelbackers.
Now coming to the stage, the opener for tonight's act. It's not you, Ryan. It's a different guy.
Schmaggle Flangehand! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You ever notice the Chinese people are inferior?
Whoa! What are they eating? Why are they eating it? Whoa!
Okay, come on now. What are you talking about? Knock, knock. Who's there? Fuck you, I'm racist.
Whoa! I got AIDS in my blood. I'm spraying it on the audience. Oh! It's like Gallagher,
but you got AIDS now. Whoa! Okay, well, I'd like to settle it down for a minute and tell
you about my wife, Veronica. She's struggling with breast cancer, and there's a table of
t-shirts in the back. I'd really like you to buy them. Oh, thank you very much. I've
received a note that all your cars have been stolen, and wherever they are, there's people
sleeping in them. But the people sleeping in them are covered with little tiny spikes
filled with poison. So let them be, and then you'll be okay, and you just need a new car,
and all your lives are ruined. Also, you have AIDS. All right, well, I guess I did pretty
poorly with my stand-up act, but we're going to bring a new guy to the stage. He's going
to do two strong minutes of stand-up, because he's a well-respected stand-up comic. He's
performed at clubs and colleges all over the thing of a bomb. Please welcome Ryan Solomon!
Hi, guys. Thanks for coming out here. You guys look great. I don't know about you guys.
Every time I see Channing Tatum in a movie, all I can think is how much better Ryan Gosling
would have been. And every time I kiss my wife, all I can think is how much better Ryan Gosling
would have been. And when I say that, people usually ask me, and by people I mean my wife,
Ryan, do you mean you can't help but think of how much better Ryan Gosling would have
been at kissing you, or how much better Ryan Gosling would have been at kissing your wife?
And the answer is either. Both. In an ideal world, my wife and I would never kiss each
other. There would just be two Ryan Goslings sharing a tender embrace. Have you guys ever
done something horrible, like just so bad you just never wanted to tell anybody? No,
good. You're perfect. Thank you. Well, for the rest of you, you should do something like
terrible. You just don't want to even bring up again, like you're messing around with
some friends in the woods, and you push one, and he falls, and he breaks his nose, and
there's so much blood that you just run away. That didn't happen. Or maybe like in college,
a bunch of girls run into your dorm room and steal a bunch of your stuff. So to get them
back, you take one of the flashlights that you're buying from one of them, and you just
take a shit in it, and then you give it to her. And then like a couple of years later,
you just go ahead and marry her. Yeah, that did happen. That did happen. Seven years ago,
I was going on a mission trip with a church when I was in high school, and we were going
to help just some people in West Virginia. And a few months prior, a woman had tragically
lost her son, her very young son, in a car accident. And the weeks before it happened,
she saw, kept saying that he saw a bunny in the yard, and his mom never saw it. And after
the horrible event, she got this package, and it was a statue of a bunny. And it wasn't,
it didn't say who it was from. So she was like, very confused. She was very, she was
like, where did this come from? And while we were on the trip, after a particularly
rowdy night at a pizza place, we were riding back to where we were staying, and bus stopped.
And I was like, why? Why is the bus stopping? And it turns out there was a bunny in the
middle of the road, and it wouldn't move. I couldn't understand why it wouldn't move.
Most people on the bus understood the significance of this bunny, and this poor woman who went
through something that no parent should ever have to go through. Most, most people on the
bus realized the significance. Almost everybody knew what was going on. Some people just wanted
to go back to where we were staying. Some people just all hopped up on root beer and pizza,
didn't really know what was going on, why a bunny was stopping us. Some people started
to chant, or maybe one person started to chant, or more like just yell, run it over, run it
over, run it. Oh, shit. Do you think she heard me? And I never looked her in the eyes again.
That was the end of the, that was the worst thing I ever did. So, thank you very much.
Ryan Solomon, everybody! Oh, don't forget, I'm racist. Thank you, Ryan Solomon. Could
it be worse? Ryan Solomon! Keep your eyes out for that kid. You can sit in a VIP seat,
Ryan. Yeah, sit in a VIP booth if you want. When I was like, oh, who's going to stop the
music? Then I realized. Spencer, tell me my biggest flaw. Take my fucking head off, man.
I can't, man. You're like my hero. My shoes? Yeah, they're untied, bro. That's your flaw.
Is that just the drunk lady in the back? Can we talk about Ryan really quick? You want
to talk? Yeah, that is my biggest flaw. Can somebody top me off? It's a mass hysteria
up here. I need more ice first, but that's fine. All right. Death is the theme of tonight's
show in Kansas City. I really liked Ryan's Ryan Gosling joke. I correct me if I'm wrong
audience, but it seemed like you guys were really ready to not like anything Ryan did.
No, that's not true. They were... Oh, well, fine. That's good. No, I expected bigger
laughs. Don't make us throw Ryan under the bus. His Ryan Gosling joke worked, and then
it had too many taglines, and then he had that big, long conceptual thing with the rabbit.
He lost us. Ryan, I'm standing up here fucking crucified on Golgotha. Do not let that hurt
your feelings at all. No, can we hear it again for Ryan? That was very brave and great. It
was really great. It's good. It was weird that you attacked Ryan for his jokes, Aaron.
That's not what I meant to do. I wasn't attacking Ryan. I misunderstood the audience. I'm sorry.
It's these lights, guys. I always felt most traumatized on the playground whenever people
would stick up for me. That's always when I would start to cry. I know you're my audience,
so I know some of you know what it's like to get picked on on the playground. It would
never make me cry to get picked on. People bully me. They give you face washes in the
snow, swirlies in the toilet, and melvins in the hu-ha, and they just punch you and ask
you, why don't you shower? Why do you drop your pants all the way to the floor when you
take a pee at the urinal? Why are there skid marks in your underwear when you do that? Why
do you eat paste? Why do you think a glue bottle is a rocket? Why is your hair full of dandruff
and grease?
Well, I understand. Just to clarify, I wasn't sticking up for Ryan. I just wanted to give
him extra credit.
But then it would always be the people that would come up in the midst of it. Well, somebody
was picking on me because that would just make me gird my loins. I would just go, okay,
this is the way life is. I'm going to put the shields up. I'm going to be a porcupine.
I'm going to, like, this pain. I'll get numb to it. Then some well-meaning fucker would
come up and go like, hey, leave him alone, man, just because he's all fucked up and dirty
and greasy and shitty and doesn't fit. He doesn't have to be a normal person for you
to like him, okay? Maybe he's special. Maybe he's so fucked up that something really weird
about him is good. You don't know. Maybe some really specific situation will happen, like
a flood of chemicals that only freaks can breathe. Maybe bat creatures will attack that
have a weird-shaped face that is vulnerable to fucking gross stinky nerds. And then he'll
be a hero then. And then I would always start crying because that's the guy that likes me.
Like sticking up for me. And then when I would start crying, and then the nerd protector
would go like, you know, come on, so you know he's crying. You're a bad person. Don't pick
on people. You shouldn't pick on people that are gross, stinky, shitty nerds.
Well, Ryan, just so you know, that's not what I was doing. Now it's kind of what Dan's doing
because he qualified it that way. But I was just offering you more applause.
Ryan, you and I are fucking square. Also, Erin, I was just kidding. I didn't think you
were doing anything wrong. Jesus Christ, have we learned one thing in Kansas City? If not,
we almost go through a valley of darkness. Beef, beef, a valley of beef. I've got VIPs
up here now. I can't remember which or which.
Yeah, can we check in with our Wallace and Gromit?
Tim?
Kyle?
Tim.
Ryan.
Kyle, Ryan.
How come people can't be named like banana, like Terrier? Like you can't have a code name
or something. Like, you know, like G.I. Joe, like if you had a flamethrower on your back,
your name was barbecue, you know, like, like if you had skis, your name wasn't Christmas
tree.
Dan, you have a rap about this, right?
Uh-huh. Yes.
G.I. Joe had really clear names. He never had to tell men from games who just looked
at their hat and that's what they were. If they were fat, their name was Raymond Burr.
Perry Mason. Fuck you. Jarza Cason. Fuck you. Keep thinking about April and Pat. I fucked
April and then I fucked Pat. Fucked Pat and made April watch. You listening, April? Fucking
April, you unsupportive wife. April. Listen to me, April. I do this shit for free, April.
No one charges for it. Your husband came down here and you thought he was going to have
a bad time. He's sitting in the fucking VIP slut booth.
Can we, can we, can we hear more about why she didn't, why she didn't like it?
He could get high licking that tabletop. That is, that's where Tim Allen sits when he comes
down. Like, you know that if you ran your finger on the underside of that table and rubbed
your gums, you, you, you go in for dental surgery for half price. Like, he is in the
VIP booth, April. You drove him here. You drove him away. If he comes home tonight, you're
lucky. And it's because he's a Harmontown listener that he'll stay faithful to you April.
Because he's a nerd and he knows what it's like to be like me and Ryan, be unappreciated.
And, and, and so he's going to, he's going to have a moment of compassion as, as all
these fellow Harmontown fans. And there's a lot of good looking chicks out here in the
audience tonight. And they're going to be all over. Is it, is it Kyle? I can't, okay.
Dan, that is, that is an interesting phenomenon. I talked to a few people before the show who
were either here with their partners or had come without them who had said like, I try
to get my girlfriend to come, but she wouldn't come or I try to get my boyfriend to come.
What do you, where do you stand on that? Like you and I kind of like the same things, but
I would absolutely, I think, I think it's a very supportive thing to say, go ahead,
go to the show, but I'm not going to go because that's not my cup of tea. I think you're
fine, April. Your mom also, I think it's fine. Let's, let's call her who she is, Pat. I think,
I think she's amazing. Is there anyone in the audience who, who has fallen in love over
Harmontown? Yeah, has anybody like, uh, anybody, anybody
It's wishful thinking. The, the, the, the face that I received after that question.
Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of fishing for something. You can't blame yourself for it. All right.
So let's get back to April's mom, Pat. Uh, so, uh, where, where, where, where, where
is Pat from? Um, probably Missouri, central Missouri, right in the middle of the fucking
the death star, that piece of shit state. Show me more like, don't show me. I don't want
to see it. Keep that fridge door closed, Missouri. How weird that your state is a barely mispronounced
misery. What a coincidence. You sons of bitches. Dan, one of our closest friends is from Missouri.
Who? Kimber, Kimber Hall, my, my, uh, my closest friend, my roommate. I'm just trying to get
these guys on my side. It's fine, but you're uniting them via hatred. I don't think they
want that. They're smarter than that. Uh, play it, play it, play the, play the country
song. I'm going to sing a country song about Missouri sucking.
All right. Hip stop and a boot, boot, lock, ring, ring. I do, do, not even I'll do. Well,
my name is John Missouri. I'm a shit eating son of a fucker. I went to my house and never
hoped for supper because I eat dogs and dirt and cigarettes and I wear peanut butter for
a hat. I'm a big dumb fucking asshole piece of shit and my wife's name is Pat. I'm Kyle's
father. Hold on. Let's go. I lost my place. Sorry. Deep, dumb, deep, dumb, a doob, a dumb
doob. Here we go. Second verse. I'm Kyle's father. My wife's name is Pat. I gave birth
to Kyle. My good effects stopped at that. I've never done anything good. I live in a
pile of leaves. I'm a big piece of fucking shit. I'm from Missouri. It's got no right
to have half of Kansas City. Just leave your garbage on the lawn. I got three feet and
half a hand. I got Russell Brand on the Tivo because I like his style. I'm a big piece
of fucking mother fucking shit from Missouri. I hate Missouri. I mean, I love it and I'm
a piece of shit. Sorry. All right. We can do anything together now.
It's almost time for D&D, but I'm so curious to hear from somebody who's a hardcore Kansas
loyal, well, bowl. Are you from Missouri? I just want someone to say what they hate
about Missouri. No, no, no, no. We have better. We have a Missouri. Are you willing to come
up? Please, no one kill him after the show. No, no, nobody's going to kill him. Oh, thank
you. Thank you. Is that a, where's a, I know Amanda's one of the servers. Where's a, is
that you? Oh, okay. Cause you did, I have face blindness and you changed your hair before
the show. Amanda and the other servers, don't forget to tip them. I sometimes believe it
or not, people forget to do that. It also seems weird that people would, would forget
that you always hear people say, don't forget. So they must forget occasionally. I'm basing
it on that alone. Hello, sir. What's your name?
Darren. Darren, the human being from Missouri. He's a human being. How dare you.
Don't boo him. Don't boo, don't. Actually, actually, the song that you sang was, was
fairly accurate. See, he's a self loathing. His, his, his, his pulse beats. It's, it's
Darren. Yeah, Darren.
Darren, we have the same name. Why, why does everyone pick on you on Missouri? I don't
know. I think it's cause we have a better baseball team. Is it the same thing in Missouri?
Do you guys pick on Kansas? Yeah. Well, yeah. We're on one side of Missouri. They're on
the other side. What divides you? Is it a river? I mean, I, I know it's hatred, but
is there a river between what's that? A river of hate. Okay. I think you said river of paint.
It was like, okay, wait, is there, is that like an industrial thing? Like there's, this
fuckers from Missouri, they make paint and then they put it into the river. You tell
me, so it's a, it's a geologically, geographically, it's a river that separates the two parts
of the city. Pretty much. I don't understand why they're both the same city then. What,
and I'm, they, they, they're saying the same thing. What, what the hell happened? What,
what is going on? I had, I had no idea. I, I failed geography and all that stuff. I'm
the wrong person to ask about that. All right. Well, I don't, okay. I'm not going to get
any answers here tonight. We should just stick with the, all right. Somebody's calling out
something that's sports related. Hey, Aaron, let's do a, no, he's, he's, oh no, no, it's
okay. Thank you for coming out. He's excusing himself off the stage. Oh, Darren's excusing
himself. Well, Darren, did you, wait, Darren, Darren, wait, we can't let you go right away.
This is how thick this conflict is. I want to know, I want to know from Darren what his,
what his, what is your, can you tell us like a wish that you have, a big ambition or anything
like that? I, I wanted to hear a second season of the, the werewolf teenager show that we
did in Charlotte. Yeah. All right. We'll beat that you Missouri fucker. That's not going
to make any sense. What's, what's a personal wish of yours besides Missouri and Kansas getting
along besides fucking Pat, which all of us, we all want to do that. Are you listening
April? Yeah, I, I really, I, I have none. So, oh, I'm a really happy person. Darren,
she's just sticking up for it. Is there anyone, Darren, is there anyone who you love who has
a dream? Libby Huey over there has a dream. Yeah, which, which is her dream? What's lovey's
dream? I think she wants to be a musician. We've been dating for five years and I, I
literally know nothing about her. All right. Okay. All right. Let's, let, let, let's thank
Darren and we're going to do it. We're going to do a quick movie for Darren. We're going
to, we're going to create a movie for him. Aaron, I want you to play Libby Huey in, in
the Darren and Libby story about, about two star cross lovers from different sides of
Kansas City. I'd like you to play Darren. A tale of two sides of the same city.
What's that sound from outside my shitty Missouri apartment? I'm going to go out and
check it out. Whoa. Almost fell in the river. That's right outside my door. Excuse me, young
lady. I'm sorry. I'm just Darren. I was just in my apartment, just wanting nothing. And
I, I, I couldn't help but overhear this, this, this sound. What is, what's going on?
I, I'm playing the guitar. Oh, musician. Well, I want to be. I'd love to hear some more,
but this damn river lies between us. Would you, would you meet me at the bridge where
there's that, that, that, that dinosaur cafe in Kansas City? Well, what if we met right
in the middle of the bridge? You know, we're neither of us were in either part of the city.
All right. I, I can do that. I just don't speak too loudly or my family will kill me
and cut out my brain. Okay. Three hours later. I'm not sure how the, the, the, it works that
here we are in the middle of the bridge. Hey, I never touched a Kansas City girls face.
I mean, a Kansas girls face. I always touch Kansas City. We're both from Kansas City.
I don't know if you can. My, my family told me that if a Missourin ever touched my face
that my skin would melt and turn into an army if Nazis would destroy the planet. Can I touch
it? Should I feel you? Yes, I should. When you smile and I smile, when you laugh, I laugh.
Oh, my God, Oh my God.
This is a Understood Police. You were in violation of the non Mes Simpson nation Treaty Between
Kansas and Missouri. Please stop interpreting with that inferior Missouri woman and get
back to your home. I'm sorry, I'm a helicopter pilot. I get confused because I often cross
between the things. I'll explain later, but just know that you guys are forbidden to do
what you're doing. Run! Run! We have to go to Omaha. Go through this sewer. It'll take
us straight there. Oh, God. Oh, shit, Omaha. Oh, where everything is mutual. I kind of
set myself up there, didn't I? Hey, I should let you know now, I have five years in me.
What does that mean? Look, there was a prophecy. I read it on a plate when I was 15 years old
that said that I would meet a man from the other side of the river. We would start dating
and then we would stop after five years and we would go to a comedy show and then one
of us would eat the other's face. Five years from now? It was a long plate. Yes, five years
from now. Libby, I wouldn't eat your face. Really? But what if I ate your face? What
if I ate your face? Put your blood out of place. You won't eat milk.
Are you gonna say me? I was gonna say milk. You're fucking weird. I can't do this relationship
anymore. Open up in there. It's the International Omaha Police Department. We know you're in
there. Intermingling with Kansas and Missouri people. We're coming in with our special futuristic
Omaha bathroom rams. Put them on laser setting. I don't even know who this bitch is. I'm
out of here. 20 years later in Kansas City, maximum security, future prison. Libby, I've
got good news. You're up for parole. Oh, you gave birth. No, this is Sarah's. No, I didn't
give birth because I've been without my one two love this whole time, but thanks for rubbing
in it. Well, you've got a big awakening in for you. You know that in the time you've
been incarcerated, the laws have changed. The river's dried up. The laws can never change.
There's no more river, Libby. Kansas and Missouri can never get a law. There's no more river.
It's gone. There's no more water. There's no more river. All the cities are united now.
East and West, New Hampshire, St. Louis and Minneapolis are the same thing now. It's called
St. Louis. St. Louis. You geography genius. Thank you for letting me know. I say go out
there and go to that man that betrayed you and left you because it seems like an ending.
Maybe not a good one. I'm going to find him. You never close your eyes when I crawl through
weeds and jump over fences. And? Darren. Darren. Darren. I'm behind you. What? No one's behind
you in front of anyone anymore. It's post-Riverdom. I've been behind you the whole time. I went
to prison too. You did? I was your parole officer. Well, that's fucked up. Why didn't
you say something? I didn't want you to get mad at me for taking a job at the place where
you were imprisoned. I always knew that you loved me as someone who didn't want to do
anything. I got you this guitar. It's made of shoes and corn. I love shoes, so I'll
forget everything you just said. I just want to have a happy ending in eight years. Because
misery and Kansas are the same. Oh, Erin, what a great movie. You guys understand, right?
You get it. Yeah. Spencer, how did you feel about that? It was good, but I liked your
lyrics. There was a deleted scene in that movie where Kyle's wife's April's mother's
pat took like a million dicks in her face. You hear that, April? Your mother had to be
cut out of the movie because it was too dirty when she was in it. No, but be fair. She only
took a million dicks because she already has a million dicks. She wanted friends for her
dicks already. The owner of the club was giving us the light, and I automatically assumed
it was like a camcorder. I was like, oh, the show's going better. He's taping us. I automatically
assumed it's time for Dungeons and Dragons. All right, when we last met, Jesus, are you
okay? Yeah, you don't give me any time to set up beforehand. You just randomly cue me
and start the music. Hey, do you see me dying up here, motherfucker? Well, you could have
said something. We're fighting. You and I are fighting. You want to fight right now?
Yeah, I don't think we should play Dungeons and Dragons. I'm sorry, Spencer. Now we've
made up and we've atoned. There, my sense of story structure is appeased. That's it.
That's all we need. All right. Yeah. Sometimes it's a shitty movie. Last time we met, our
heroes had been journeying in the belly of the beast. No, I don't, I don't, I don't think
that's it. Okay, all right. I think I've got to say something. Should I keep going, guys?
No, I, I have something to say. Dan Harmon, Spencer Crittenden. I, you know, Spencer and
I have been doing merch this whole time. Yeah. And Spencer has been very thoughtful and very
kind and very attentive. What do you mean attentive? I just mean he's sensitive to the way I feel
and he really sees me. Like he really sees like your crotch and stuff? No, not yet. I
mean, I just, this is crazy. I'm just saying he's, he's, he's, he's very kind and sensitive.
And you know, you've, you've been a bit of a bully. And I think that, that maybe over
the course of this trip, Spencer and I have become close. All right. Well, that's fine.
Can I, we only have like six minutes left. Yeah. Okay. All right. Sorry. Pause. J.K.
All right. Here we go. I don't even know. You guys are in a fish. All right. Feel our
character. You rejoined and entered a large cavity after fighting a mucousy spider slime
and several spindly limb lightning creatures. You defeated them. You were left in the long.
Do you want characters right now? Should we just go? Like we could just go. Let's just
go freestyle. Yeah. Freestyle it. All right. If there's a spell I should cast. Tell me.
Okay. So what, what did you do? Well, that just sounds deadly. What did you say, Ian?
He said a roll of a thousand dicks. Oh yeah. Pat. Yeah. There were a thousand dicks involved.
I was definitely talking about Pat. Yeah. April's mom. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, I mean,
honestly, now we have two minutes left. That's all right. Just go smoke a cigarette. You're,
you're killing us. Oh no. No, don't really, don't really. That's not. You put so much
work into that. I quit eight years ago. I was smoking two packs a day. I don't even fucking
think about it. It gets so easy. He really doesn't. I've never seen him. It gets so easy.
Don't worry more about it. All right. If you recall, you killed those things. You're now
in a lung and you started, uh, you, you set some smoke to make it cough. Right. All right.
So now we're like what we're like almost out of the fish or the lung spasming. Right. Right.
We wait as the lung spasms and spasms. So violently, it threatens to shake apart. You
get the sensation that if you would only breach its membrane, it could be torn asunder very
quickly. I agree. I just agree. You're just agreeing for that. Yeah. I don't have time
to disagree. Yeah. What is it? There's a very, uh, pretty drunk girl. Very happy lady. She's
enjoying it. It's a good show. Yeah. Yeah. She had a good time. Yeah. Uh, stay, stick,
stick around for all the comics that are going on next that are sitting next to you. It'll
be great. Um, all right. The, uh, uh, uh, uh, we, we breach the membrane, whatever you
said that we get the sense we could do. Okay. Well, uh, you do you have a sword? You don't
have a sword. You have a knife. I tell, I tell a quirk to, uh, uh, do it with his far
sword. All right. I got this sword. Let me just slice through. He pulls out his sword
and making a couple of slices across the belly of the membrane that you guys are currently
in. It slashes open and the smoke pours out. You feel the entire creature you're surrounded
by give a violent shutter as if it was hurt or wounded. And you feel yourself drop in
the sky as if the entire thing had fell down a couple hundred yards before regaining traction.
Oh, shit. You're definitely done something, but it's not dead yet. Okay. Well, probably
good cause we don't want to die with it. Oh, we don't want to die with that. Well, yeah,
we don't want to plummet to earth and explode with us in it. You know, we're giving a final
violent shutter and the entire lung you're inside of falls apart and you fall down about
50 feet till you land on a pillowy cushion back in the room you were in before. Oh, nice.
Convenient. It's like a video game. Yeah. All right. Uh, well, uh, uh, can we see that
that that village from here that the things you can see you're in a green room. There's
three holes. One of them you just came through. The other two you haven't been through back
behind you is a small purple door that leads back towards the village. Right. All right.
We got to go through each of these. Absolutely. Yeah, I mean, I really don't want to pay you
more attention because I have to take an asset because this would be a trip. There's a woman
in the audience who said, have you ever taken acid before? I have. I've taken acid in mushrooms.
I haven't done heroin or, uh, uh, uh, ayahuasca, but some, a fan gave us a jar of ayahuasca
at, uh, at the show and we should go take it now and in the tour bus and, uh, and finish
this evening. Um, all right. We've dropped 50 feet. Well, not, not to, you guys have
been great. You guys, thank you for coming to the show. You know, you've been amazing,
but it's, it's seven 10. We got to be off the stage in five minutes. So I don't, we should,
we should, let's just wrap up the Dungeons and Dragons. I roll over, I roll over on top
of Sharpie. Okay. Nice. Good. That's very nice, isn't it? All right. Spencer, everybody.
Thank him for the wonderful. Thank you Spencer. Sometimes Dungeons and Dragons doesn't last
that long. Hey, Dan. So, so this, this show is, uh, probably a, uh, pivotal, pivotal.
Yeah. Are you drunk too? Yeah. Super. Okay. SCC singing sectionals. Is that like, is that,
is that your cheerleading trooper? Is that what are you, are you just cheering for a
team of yours? She doesn't know you're talking to her. Okay. That's fine. Okay. You're a
fire hydrant to her and vice versa. Quite all right. Uh, Dan, this is a, this, this
is an important moment in the, in your story circle. Right. This is, this is what? The
death? Perhaps. Do you want to queue up here? Maybe it requires something. Yeah, that's
what I'm doing. Right. Right. Yeah. What have we learned in Kansas City?
Ooh. Ian, take it easy. Just don't smoke. Libby, keep loving your gross misery, man.
And your gross misery, man. Drunk lady. Keep drinking. I've seen a beautiful city. Its
name was Kansas City. As soft and creamy as a titty for me in misogyny town. Man, I'm
sorry if I sucked, but really who gives a fuck? Cause the room kind of looks like a
place that you'd go to. A lot of customers survey about crackers. In a shopping mall.
In Hama town. Poop is brown. I fucked your mama. I fucked her good. I fucked your mama
and she turned to wood. I shaped her into a tree and her leaves touch the sky. And then
I fucked her eye and she went blind. And when she couldn't see, I told her about color.
And what I told her, made her think twice. No more race. I fucked your mama and fixed
her brain. I fucked your mama in the rain. I fucked your mama down the street. I fucked
your mama with my podcast meet. And every town that I go to now, I'm gonna tell them
about your mama and fuck her like cows. It's not a reflection of who you are. You should
all get a brand new car. You get a car. You get a car. You also get a car. Everybody that
looks under their seat and finds gum gets a car. Just don't ask us about it. Ask the
manager of the club and we'll be gone. We'll be on the front lawn. We'll be going. Tell
them to break it down. If you've bought stuff, I'll sign it over there. That's the way you
go. Don't go down those stairs because that's the next audience for the next show. They'll
beat you up. I think we already know that my audience is nerds and everyone out there
is stronger and better and has more money for these booths in the front. And April, you're
a country. I just wanted to put in the British sense and the British sense. They use that
word. Okay. Yo. Hey everybody. Thank you for coming to Harmontown. You have all been
great mostly. It's been awesome. You guys are wonderful. Please say hi after the show.
Yeah. Yeah. Fuck your mama and I'll see you later. Fuck your mama like an alligator.
Go out the back and tip your waitstaff. Fuck your mama so hard. She was a giraffe. I made
her neck so long. She couldn't handle it. Fuck your mama like a candle. Got lit. Lit in
the back saying get off the stage. You're giving us a heart attack. We've got to clean
off the tables. Got to get the shit out. Got to go. Got to fuck your mouth. Here for
you. Hi everybody. Ryan for doing his turn. Tim. Tim. Yeah. Tim. Everybody. Tim. Yeah.
Come on down to Harmontown. Ian for quitting smoking. Libby and Darren. He's yellow. Come
on down to Harmontown. Yo. You got to settle your bills. You got to eat all your hot wings.
I hope you got your fill. I thank Erin McGathy and Spencer the DM. I fucked your mama so
hard. She stopped peeing. I gave her a UTI. Jammed her up. Fucked your mama so hard.
She turned into a Labrador pup. Changed her. Changed her fur. Changed her face. Changed
her species. Changed her race. See you in back. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you
for coming. God bless you. Thank you for the name of the club.